Adds tip and warning to Workers for Platforms docs, regarding how to isolate static assets on upload (#20601)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/cloudflare-for-platforms/workers-for-platforms/configuration/static-assets.mdx

Before sending any file data, you need to tell Cloudflare which files you intend to upload. That list of files is called a manifest. Each item in the manifest includes:

- A file path (for example, `"/index.html"` or `"/assets/logo.png"`)
- A hash (32-hex characters) representing the file contents
- The file size in bytes

<Aside type="note" title="Asset Isolation Considerations">

> By default, static assets uploaded to Workers for Platforms are associated with the User Worker they are attached to. However, if multiple User Workers exist under the same account, assets with identical hashes may be shared across them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Static assets uploaded to Workers for Platforms are associated with the namespace rather than with individual User Worker. If multiple User Workers exist under the same namespace, assets with identical hashes may be shared across them. **JWTs should therefore only be shared with trusted platform services and should not be distributed to end-users.**
```

> If strict isolation between User Workers is required, we recommend:
> 
> - **Prefixing asset hashes** with an account-specific or Worker-specific identifier to ensure uniqueness.
> - **Ensuring JWT tokens for asset uploads are only issued to trusted platform services**, and not directly exposed to end-users.
> - **Explicitly documenting asset-sharing expectations** for your customers if cross-project asset reuse is intended.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If strict isolation of assets is required, we recommend incorporating an end-user identifier (e.g. account ID or Worker script ID) within the hashing process, to ensure uniqueness. For example, `hash = slice(sha256(accountID + fileContents), 32)`.
```

Use the [Workers Assets Upload API](https://developers.cloudflare.com/api/resources/workers/subresources/assets/subresources/upload/) to transmit the raw file bytes in base64-encoded format for any missing or changed files. Once uploaded, Cloudflare will store these files so they can then be attached to a User Worker.

<Aside type="caution">

> 	Cloudflare automatically de-duplicates identical asset hashes within the same
> 	account. If an asset with the same hash has already been uploaded, it may be
> 	shared across different User Workers unless **explicitly made unique**. If you
> 	require full asset isolation, prepend asset hashes with a unique identifier
> 	(for example, an account ID or Worker name).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	Asset uniqueness is determined by the provided hash and are associated globally to their namespace rather than with each specific User Worker. If an asset has already been uploaded for that namespace earlier, Cloudflare will automatically omit sending this asset hash back in the `buckets` response to save you from re-uploading the same thing twice. This means that an asset can be shared between multiple User Workers if it shares the same hash unless you **explicitly make the hash unique**. If you require full isolation between assets across User Workers, incorporate a unique identifier within your asset hashing process (either salting it with something entirely random each time, or by including the end-user account ID or their Worker name to retain per-customer re-use).
```
